# ðŸ”¥Save ðŸ§Pingouins

## ðŸŽ¯ The Goal

You evolves on a circular *ðŸ§Šice floe* with seven other *ðŸ§pingouins*.
And you have to bring a *ðŸŸfish*  in the *ðŸ•³ï¸hole* and save the *ðŸ§Šice floe*.

## âœ”ï¸ Rules

The movements of the *ðŸ§pingouins* melt the *ðŸ§Šice floe*.
Thefore the size of *ðŸ§Šice floe* decrease according to the *âš¡energy consumption*.

### ðŸ† Victory Conditions

* Bring a *ðŸŸfish*
* Stay on the *ðŸ§Šice floe*

### â˜ ï¸ Defeat Conditions

* Not bring a *ðŸŸfish* in due time: `50 turns`.
* Fall in the water.
* No send an ACTION in due time: `10 ms`.
* Send non-well formed output.

### ðŸ… Ranking

The *ðŸ§pingouins*:
* with a *ðŸŸfish* are sorted by time elapsed to get a fish: first score `8 points`, second `7 points`, third  `6 points`...
* without a fish score `0 points`
* falled in the water are sorted by time elapsed on the *ðŸ§Šice floe*: first `-8 points`, second `-7 points` 
* disqualified: score `-10 points`

Finnaly the score is multiply by number of *ðŸ§pingouins* on the *ðŸ§Šice floe*. So the best score is `64 points` and worse `80 points`.

## ðŸ¯ Expert Rules

### *âš¡energy consumption*

The referee additionate the *âš¡energy consumption* - Sum of player's velocity squared. And compute the new radius:

```speudocode
SURFACE_MAX = 10000;
SURFACE_FACTOR = 0.1;
PI = 3.14;

iceFloe.energyConsumed += players.ForEach( player -> player.Velocity * player.Velocity).Sum();
iceFloe.radius = sqrt( (SURFACE_MAX - iceFloe.energyConsumed * SURFACE_FACTOR)/ PI);
```

### â›¸ï¸ Motion Engine

player send a cartesian vector X,Y

```speudocode
VELOCITY_MAX_SQUARED = 50*50;

... TODO
```

### Colision engine

```speudocode
```

## âš ï¸ Note

## ðŸ’¡ Hint

The game is a trade off of your individual goal and collective goal.

## ðŸ§¾ Game Protocol

### ðŸ‘€ Input for One Game Turn

#### ðŸ“‘ Line 1: description

line 1 full desc. `variable`

### ðŸ’¬ Output for One Game Turn

#### ðŸ“‘ Line 1 , no desc

line 1 full desc. `ACTION`

### âš“ Constraints

Allotted response time to output is â‰¤ `10` milliseconds.

## Credits & Licenses

> Thanks the reviewers and the players for contributing.

* this document is generated by [markdown2cgdoc](https://github.com/marcgardent/markdown2cgdoc)
* This puzzle game is published under the following license: [License CC BY-SA 2.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0/)
