the text before H1 is not rendered!

# Game

the text after H1 is not rendered!

## âš ï¸Caution LEAGUE == 1

New rules will be added in this puzzle:

* ignore `variables` and `ACTIONS` marked for the next leagues.
* read the green highlight sections in next leagues.

## âš ï¸ Multileagues Caution LEAGUE >= 2


New rules are added in this league:

* read the green highlight sections in next leagues.
* ...

## ðŸŽ¯ The Goal

This is amazing game: become greater!

## âœ”ï¸ Rules

blabla bla

### ðŸ† Victory Conditions

* ...

### â˜ ï¸ Defeat Conditions

* ...
* send wrong statement
* timeout

### Custom section

blabla bla

## ðŸ¯ Expert Rules LEAGUE>=3

content

## âš ï¸ Note

content

## ðŸ“ Pseudocode

content

## ðŸ’¡ Hint

content

## lambda Section

> Markdown samples

| Col0  | Col1      | Col2      | Col3      |
|-------|-----------|-----------|-----------|
|row0   | `var1`    | `var2`    | `var3`    |
|row1   | `var4`    | `var5`    | hello     |

{.marked}
| Col0  | Col1      | Col2      | Col3      |
|-------|-----------|-----------|-----------|
|row0   | `var1`    | `var2`    | `var3`    |
|row1   | `var4`    | `var5`    | hello     |


parsed:

* action: `ACTION`
* constant: `000` `-1` `+10 units` `5` 
* variable: `variable`

## ðŸ§¾ Game Protocol

content

### ðŸ‘€Input for init Game Turn

#### ðŸ“‘Line 1: description `variable`

line 1 full desc. `variable`


### ðŸ‘€Input for One Game Turn

#### ðŸ“‘Line 1: description

line 1 full desc. `variable`

### ðŸ’¬Output for One Game Turn

#### ðŸ“‘Line 1 , no desc

line 1 full desc. `ACTION`

### âš“Constraints

Allotted response time to output is â‰¤ `50` milliseconds.

## Credits & Licenses

> Thanks the reviewers and the players for contributing.

* this document is generated by [markdown2cgdoc](https://github.com/marcgardent/markdown2cgdoc)
* This puzzle game is published under the following license: [License CC BY-SA 2.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0/)