# ðŸ”¥ Save ðŸ§ Penguins

## ðŸŽ¯ The Goal

You evolve on a circular *ðŸ§Šice floe* with seven other *ðŸ§penguins*.
And you have to get a *ðŸŸfish*  in the *ðŸ•³ï¸hole* and save the *ðŸ§Šice floe*.

## âœ”ï¸ Rules

The âš¡energy consumed by the *ðŸ§penguins* melt the *ðŸ§Šice floe*.
Therefore the size of *ðŸ§Šice floe* decrease accordingly.


### ðŸ† Victory Conditions

* Keep alive until the last turn:
  * Get a *ðŸŸfish*
  * Stay on the *ðŸ§Šice floe*

### â˜ ï¸ Defeat Conditions

* out of energy: Not get a *ðŸŸfish* in due time: `50` turns.
* Fall in the water.
* No send an `ACTION` in due time: `10` ms.
* Send non-well formed output.

### ðŸ… Ranking

The *ðŸ§penguins*:
* with a *ðŸŸfish* are ordered by the time elapsed to get a fish: first score `8` points, second `7` points, third  `6` points...
* without a fish score `0 points`
* fell in the water are ordered by time elapsed on the *ðŸ§Šice floe*: first `-1` points, second `-2` points, etc...
* disqualified: score `-10` points

Finally, the score is multiplied by the number of *ðŸ§penguins* on the *ðŸ§Šice floe*. So the best score is `64` points and worse `80` points.

## ðŸ¯ Expert Rules

### *âš¡energy consumption*

The referee sum the *âš¡energy consumption*  of the turn. And he computes the new radius:

```speudocode
iceFloe.energyConsumed += players.ForEach( player -> 1000 + player.Velocity * player.Velocity).Sum();
iceFloe.radius = sqrt( (SURFACE_MAX - iceFloe.energyConsumed * SURFACE_FACTOR)/ PI);

SURFACE_MAX = 10000;
SURFACE_FACTOR = 0.1;
PI = 3.14;
```
### â›¸ï¸ Motion Engine

player send a cartesian vector X,Y

```speudocode
VELOCITY_MAX_SQUARED = 50*50;

... TODO
```

### Colision engine

```speudocode
```

## âš ï¸ Note

## ðŸ’¡ Hint

The game is a trade off of your individual goal and collective goal.

## ðŸ§¾ Game Protocol

### ðŸ‘€ Input for One Game Turn

#### ðŸ“‘ Line 1: description

line 1 full desc. `variable`

### ðŸ’¬ Output for One Game Turn

#### ðŸ“‘ Line 1 , no desc

line 1 full desc. `ACTION`

### âš“ Constraints

Allotted response time to output is â‰¤ `10` milliseconds.

## Credits & Licenses

> Thanks the reviewers and the players for contributing.

* this document is generated by [markdown2cgdoc](https://github.com/marcgardent/markdown2cgdoc)
* This puzzle game is published under the following license: [License CC BY-SA 2.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0/)
